Update pure graalpy examples (#38)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: docs/graalpy/examples/includes/step_unset_java-home.md

Before you create a native executable, unset your `JAVA_HOME` environment variable. 

> (For example, on Linux and macOS, use the command `unset JAVA_HOME`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(On Linux and macOS, use the command `unset JAVA_HOME`. In Windows' PowerShell, use `$Env:JAVA_HOME=''`)
```
